Document B2B Quick Order drop-in (#779)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins-b2b/quick-order/containers/quick-order-variants-grid.mdx

<TableWrapper nowrap={[0,1]}>

| Parameter | Type | Req? | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| `className` | `string` | No | CSS class applied to the container root. |
| `initialVariants` | `ProductVariant[]` | No | Initial array of product variants to display. When provided, automatically emits `quick-order/grid-ordering-variants`. If not provided, the component listens for the event from external sources. |
| `onVariantsLoaded` | `(variants: VariantWithQuantity[]) => void` | No | Callback invoked when variants are successfully loaded and initialized (all quantities start at 0). |
| `onSelectedVariantsChange` | `(data: VariantTableData[]) => void` | No | Debounced callback invoked when user changes quantities. Receives only variants with quantity > 0. `VariantTableData`: `{ sku: string; name: string; inStock: boolean; attributes: Record<string, {label, value}>; price: number; quantity: number; subtotal: number; image: string }`. |
| `debounceMs` | `number` | No | Debounce delay in milliseconds for `onSelectedVariantsChange` and event emissions. Default: `300`. |
| `initialLoading` | `boolean` | No | Initial loading state before variants are loaded. Default: `true`. |

> | `visibleVariantsLimit` | `number` | No | Number of variant rows to display initially before showing "Show All" button. Default: `10`. Set to a very high number (for example, 1000) to disable pagination. |

Reviewer: Pagination is not supported

```suggestion
| `visibleVariantsLimit` | `number` | No | Number of variant rows displayed initially before showing the **"Show All"** option. Default: `10`. Set to a very high number (for example, `1000`) to display all variants without collapsing the list. |
```

| Slot | Context | Description |
|-----|---------|-------------|
| `Actions` | `{ onClear: () => void; onSaveToCsv: () => void; onCollectData: () => VariantTableData[]; isDisabled: boolean; variantsCount: number }` | Replace the entire action bar (Clear, Save to CSV, Collect Data buttons). |
| `ImageCell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Customize image cell rendering for each variant row. |
| `SKUCell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Customize SKU cell rendering. |
| `AvailabilityCell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Customize availability/stock status cell. |
| `PriceCell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Customize price display. |
| `QuantityCell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Replace the quantity input/incrementer with custom controls. |
| `SubtotalCell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Customize subtotal calculation and display. |

> | `[CustomColumnKey]` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Custom rendering for any custom column key defined in `columns`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `[CustomColumnKey]Cell` | `{ variant: ProductVariant; quantity: number; onQuantityChange: (sku, qty) => void }` | Custom rendering for any custom column defined in `columns`. The slot name should match the column `key` value with the `Cell` suffix. |
```
